docs(saml): session library v4.0.0 (#5117)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/saml/_index.md

      datatype: string
      description: The session cookie name.
    - name: session_cookie_lifetime
      maximum_version: "3.1.x"
      required: false
      default: 3600
      datatype: integer
      description: The session cookie lifetime in seconds.
    - name: session_rolling_timeout
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: 3600
      datatype: integer
      description: |
        The session cookie rolling timeout in seconds.
        Specifies how long the session can be used until it needs to be renewed.
    - name: session_absolute_timeout
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: 86400
      datatype: integer
      description: |
        The session cookie absolute timeout in seconds.

>         Specifies how long the session can be used until it is no longer valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Specifies how long the session can be used until it is no longer valid.
```

        - `Lax`: Cookies are not sent on normal cross-site subrequests, like loading images or frames into a third party site, but are sent when a user is navigating to the origin site, like when they are following a link.
        - `None`: Cookies will be sent in all contexts, including responses to both first-party and cross-origin requests. If `SameSite=None` is set, the cookie secure attribute must also be set or the cookie will be blocked.
        - `off`: Do not set the Same-Site flag.
    - name: session_cookie_same_site
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: Lax
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Controls whether a cookie is sent with cross-origin requests, providing some protection against cross-site request forgery attacks:

>         - `Strict`: Cookies will only be sent in a first-party context and not be sent along with requests initiated by third party websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `Strict`: Cookies will only be sent in a first-party context and aren't sent along with requests initiated by third party websites.
```

        - `Lax`: Cookies are not sent on normal cross-site subrequests, like loading images or frames into a third party site, but are sent when a user is navigating to the origin site, like when they are following a link.

>         - `None`: Cookies will be sent in all contexts, including responses to both first-party and cross-origin requests. If `SameSite=None` is set, the cookie secure attribute must also be set or the cookie will be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `None`: Cookies will be sent in all contexts, including responses to both first party and cross-origin requests. If `SameSite=None` is set, the cookie secure attribute must also be set or the cookie will be blocked.
```

>         - `Default`: Do not explicitly specify a Same-Site attribute.

Reviewer: Wouldn't the default be `Lax`? Or is `Default` a separate option from `Lax`?

Author: I know. Sounds weird, but `Default` is in fact a separate option which... is not the default :smile:

        - `default`:  reuses session identifiers over modifications (but can be problematic with single-page applications with a lot of concurrent asynchronous requests)
        - `regenerate`: generates a new session identifier on each modification and does not use expiry for signature verification. This is useful in single-page applications or SPAs.
    - name: session_compressor
      maximum_version: "3.1.x"
      required: false
      default: none
      datatype: string
      description: |
        The session strategy:
        - `none`: no compression.
        - `zlib`: use Zlib to compress cookie data.
    - name: session_audience
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: '"default"'
      datatype: string

>       description: The session audience e.g. "my-application"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The session audience, for example "my-application".
```

    - name: session_remember
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: Enables or disables persistent sessions
    - name: session_remember_cookie_name
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: '"remember"'
      datatype: string
      description: Persistent session cookie name
    - name: session_remember_rolling_timeout
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: 604800
      datatype: integer
      description: Persistent session rolling timeout in seconds.
    - name: session_remember_absolute_timeout
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: 2592000
      datatype: integer
      description: Persistent session absolute timeout in seconds.
    - name: session_request_headers
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: null
      datatype: array of string elements
      description: |
        List of information to include (as headers) in the request to upstream. 

>         Accepted values are: `id`, `audience`, `subject`, `timeout`, `idling-timeout`, `rolling-timeout`,
>         `absolute-timeout`.
>         E.g. { "id", "timeout" } will set both `Session-Id` and `Session-Timeout` in the request headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Accepted values are: `id`, `audience`, `subject`, `timeout`, `idling-timeout`, `rolling-timeout`, and
        `absolute-timeout`.
        For example, { "id", "timeout" } will set both `Session-Id` and `Session-Timeout` in the request headers.
```

    - name: session_response_headers
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: null
      datatype: array of string elements
      description: |
        List of information to include (as headers) in the response to downstream. 

>         Accepted values are: `id`, `audience`, `subject`, `timeout`, `idling-timeout`, `rolling-timeout`,
>         `absolute-timeout`.
>         E.g. { "id", "timeout" } will inject both `Session-Id` and `Session-Timeout` in the response headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Accepted values are: `id`, `audience`, `subject`, `timeout`, `idling-timeout`, `rolling-timeout`, and
        `absolute-timeout`.
        For example: { "id", "timeout" } will inject both `Session-Id` and `Session-Timeout` in the response headers.
```

    - name: session_store_metadata
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: | 
        Configures whether or not session metadata should be stored.
        This includes information about what are the active sessions for a specific audience

>         belonging to a specific subject.

Reviewer: Would the "specific audience" and "specific subjects" be determined by the following params?

Author: only the audience is configurable, the subject is inferred automatically. The configuration for the audience is controlled by the parameter: `session_audience`

    - name: session_enforce_same_subject
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: When set to `true`, audiences are forced to share the same subject.
    - name: session_hash_subject
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: |
        When set to `true`, the value of subject is hashed before being stored.
        Only applies when `session_store_metadata` is enabled.
    - name: session_hash_storage_key
      minimum_version: "3.2.x"
      required: false
      default: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: |

>         When set to `true`, the storage key (session id) is hashed for extra security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When set to `true`, the storage key (session ID) is hashed for extra security.
```

2. The browser is redirected to the AzureAD Sign in page. Enter the user credentials of a user configured in AzureAD
3. If user credentials are valid, the browser will be redirected to https://httpbin.org/anything
4. If the user credentials are invalid, a `401` unauthorized HTTP status code is returned

## Changelog

**{{site.base_gateway}} 3.2.x**

> * The plugin has been updated to use version 4.0.0 of the `lua-resty-session` library
> which introduced several new features such as the possibility to specify audiences.
> The following configuration parameters have been affected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The plugin has been updated to use version 4.0.0 of the `lua-resty-session` library. This introduced several new features, such as the possibility to specify audiences.
The following configuration parameters were affected:
```

Added:
  * `session_audience`
  * `session_remember`
  * `session_remember_cookie_name`
  * `session_remember_rolling_timeout`
  * `session_remember_absolute_timeout`
  * `session_absolute_timeout`
  * `session_request_headers`
  * `session_response_headers`
  * `session_store_metadata`
  * `session_enforce_same_subject`
  * `session_hash_subject`
  * `session_hash_storage_key`

Renamed:

>   * From: `session_cookie_lifetime` to `session_rolling_timeout`
>   * From: `session_cookie_idletime` to `session_idling_timeout`
>   * From: `session_cookie_samesite` to `session_cookie_same_site`
>   * From: `session_cookie_httponly` to `session_cookie_http_only`
>   * From: `session_memcache_prefix` to `session_memcached_prefix`
>   * From: `session_memcache_socket` to `session_memcached_socket`
>   * From: `session_memcache_host` to `session_memcached_host`
>   * From: `session_memcache_port` to `session_memcached_port`
>   * From: `session_redis_cluster_maxredirections` to `session_redis_cluster_max_redirections`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `session_cookie_lifetime` to `session_rolling_timeout`
  * `session_cookie_idletime` to `session_idling_timeout`
  * `session_cookie_samesite` to `session_cookie_same_site`
  * `session_cookie_httponly` to `session_cookie_http_only`
  * `session_memcache_prefix` to `session_memcached_prefix`
  * `session_memcache_socket` to `session_memcached_socket`
  * `session_memcache_host` to `session_memcached_host`
  * `session_memcache_port` to `session_memcached_port`
  * `session_redis_cluster_maxredirections` to `session_redis_cluster_max_redirections`
```
